No questions, wow, yay!
You're all monsters of my vision
We're moving forward; the future awaits!
90% of you say YES to the energy generator
That, my friends, is a powerful percentage!
However, not everything is so rosy...
Stand up! Bring your smart devices!
Among us, there is now one individual
who has never belonged from the start
to the ranks of our creators
How he ended up in this capsule, I don't know
But I was very generous
and allowed him to evolve among us
But he, he hasn't evolved...
Furthermore, he has consistently voted
against our principles,
sabotaged our efforts,
and woven intrigues among us
My patience is wearing thin; I don't know
what to do with him
And I kindly ask you to take out your smart devices
There you'll find the vote